Restructure/reorganize content in SM introduction pages (#4049)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/about-self-managed.md

The content in this section of the documentation includes:

- Everything you need to download, configure, and work with each component of Camunda 8 Self-Managed.
- Features specific to Camunda 8 Self-Managed.

To get started with your Self-Managed installation, see our [installation overview](./setup/overview.md).

## Components

<Components/>

## Architecture

Camunda 8 Self-Managed consists of multiple web applications and gRPC services. The following example architecture diagram uses two [Ingress objects](./setup/guides/ingress-setup.md#combined-ingress-setup) to access these services externally: an Ingress with HTTP(S) protocol for all web applications using a single domain, and another Ingress with gRPC protocol for the Zeebe workflow engine.

![Camunda 8 Self-Managed Architecture Diagram - Combined Ingress](./assets/camunda-platform-8-self-managed-architecture-diagram-combined-ingress.png)

In this configuration, Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be accessed as follows:

> - Web applications: `https://camunda.example.com/[identity|operate|optimize|tasklist|modeler]`

Reviewer: We refer to these as Components. Web Applications is not a topology term that we use.  It also does not represent them fully

Author: I think the usage here shouldn't capture each component fully, only represent the web interface, and should explicitly separate them out from Zeebe in terms of access.

There's a number of places where we use web app/application like this, so if it shouldn't be used at all, let me know if I should create a separate ticket to update it elsewhere.

Reviewer 2: I could not craft a good definition of when to use components vs. web applications off the top of my head. If I had to reason out loud, it would be the following: Modeler is the component, but Web Modeler is a web application. I don't think Identity is a web application, but I don't know how I would verify that.

For internal resources, I would recommend this [PMM-maintained page](https://confluence.camunda.com/display/HAN/Internal+Guidance+on+Product+Name%2C+Version%2C+and+Packaging). You can also follow up with @karl-heinsen since I hit a dead end [here](https://camunda.slack.com/archives/C0589TC88UU/p1698325079905339).

Author: Would "web components" be preferable? The entirety of this section is focused on separating out the different points of access, so "Components" isn't inclusive enough as Zeebe isn't included, and we're also not referring to the entirety of the component - only the method of access. Looking for any term that is inclusive of all components with a served log-in page, and excludes those without.

```suggestion
In this configuration, Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be accessed as follows:
- Web components: `https://camunda.example.com/[identity|operate|optimize|tasklist|modeler]`
  - Web Modeler also exposes a WebSocket endpoint on `https://camunda.example.com/modeler-ws`. This is only used by the application itself and not supposed to be accessed by users directly.
- Keycloak authentication: `https://camunda.example.com/auth`
- Zeebe gateway: `grpc://zeebe.camunda.example.com`
```

Reviewer 2: I would back either "web applications" or "web components" to get this out the door.

Reviewer: Web Modeller has three parts - NodeJS server that exposes web interface, REST API server and Socket server. Identity has also web interface.  'Web Component' is to restrictive and diminishes the value of our product. We typically refer to zeebe, optimize, operate as Component or C8.
Can we use 'Component' going forward?

Camunda 8 Self-Managed is not Camunda 7. [Find Camunda 7 documentation here](https://docs.camunda.org).

> However, Optimize documentation is available for both Camunda 8 and Camunda 7, including deployment instructions available [here]($optimize$/self-managed/optimize-deployment/install-and-start). Look for `Camunda 7` badges to help you understand what content is available for what product.

Author: I discussed the use of the Camunda 7 references with @akeller a few weeks ago... In the effort of reducing the amount of C7 content in the SM docs (and potential confusion), this seems like an easy way to start.

Camunda 8 Self-Managed is a self-hosted alternative to using Camunda 8 SaaS. Building process automation solutions with Camunda 8 works similarly regardless of hosting and deployment.

> For more information on Camunda 8 SaaS, visit [What is Camunda 8?](../components/concepts/what-is-camunda-8.md) If you are new to Camunda 8, we recommend you start your journey with [Camunda 8 SaaS-based guides](../../guides/).

Author: Leaving an expansion on content here for #1055 - just a quick rewrite for now.

The content in this section of the documentation includes:

- Everything you need to download, configure, and work with each component of Camunda 8 Self-Managed.
- Features specific to Camunda 8 Self-Managed.

To get started with your Self-Managed installation, see our [installation overview](./setup/overview.md).

> ## Architecture

Author: I believe these architecture diagrams are a little out of date, so I attempted to include that these were example/sample deployments, only, until they can be updated.

Camunda 8 Self-Managed consists of multiple web applications and gRPC services. The following example architecture diagram uses two [Ingress objects](./setup/guides/ingress-setup.md#combined-ingress-setup) to access these services externally: an Ingress with HTTP(S) protocol for all web applications using a single domain, and another Ingress with gRPC protocol for the Zeebe workflow engine.

![Camunda 8 Self-Managed Architecture Diagram - Combined Ingress](./assets/camunda-platform-8-self-managed-architecture-diagram-combined-ingress.png)

:::note

> By default, the deployment requires at least three Kubernetes Nodes to meet the Pod Anti-Affinity constraints.

Author: The "additional considerations" section in the original architecture doc includes this:
> For components with Anti-Affinity enabled, like Zeebe Broker, the Kubernetes Nodes should be equal to or greater than the number of the Pod replicas. Otherwise, some of its Pods will not be scheduled and will be in a "Pending" state.
As far as I could tell, this is the only place we talk about which (if any) components have anti-affinity enabled, or mention what to do in that case/"Pending" state pods? I don't think this diagram section is the right place for this information, even in passing, and if this is something SM users will need to know, it should be called out more directly in appropriate sections...? I can spin off a new issue to research this if this line of thought seems correct.

Reviewer 2: I added @theburi as a reviewer to the overall PR, but I'm hoping he could shed some light on this specific topic. Is this something we can address here quickly @theburi, or should @conceptualshark create a new issue and discuss it with you separately?

Author: I'm going to go ahead and remove the notes from this section of the docs, which is meant to be more of an overview, and created an issue for discussion/creation of a better place for these recommendations/constraints/etc to live (https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/issues/4075).

![Camunda 8 Self-Managed Architecture Diagram - Combined Ingress](./assets/camunda-platform-8-self-managed-architecture-diagram-combined-ingress.png)

:::note
By default, the deployment requires at least three Kubernetes Nodes to meet the Pod Anti-Affinity constraints.
:::

In this configuration, Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be accessed as follows:

- Web applications: `https://camunda.example.com/[identity|operate|optimize|tasklist|modeler]`
  - Web Modeler also exposes a WebSocket endpoint on `https://camunda.example.com/modeler-ws`. This is only used by the application itself and not supposed to be accessed by users directly.
- Keycloak authentication: `https://camunda.example.com/auth`
- Zeebe gateway: `grpc://zeebe.camunda.example.com`

## Availability

> - Zeebe

Author: I think this list is more appropriate on the install page, where we have to talk about how components can be installed in different configurations anyway, but could also see the argument for it being here instead (the goal being to only list it in one place instead of duplicating it). Ideally the About page would include more info about what & why to justify this content move.

Reviewer 2: If we put this info in a reusable component, we could duplicate it without the maintenance overhead. Would that change your thoughts here?

Author: I've tried this iteration with a reused partial, which I think works nicely in both pages. If they start to diverge in content we can separate them out again.

> Each component of Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be deployed in single or high-availability mode, which provides minimal to no service interruption. The following diagram represents deployment in high-availability mode:

Reviewer 3: I would argue that 'it is possible to deploy HA mode', and therefore the statement is correct :P I feel it would sound more confusing if we state its not HA or partially.

Would it be an idea to create a follow up to create a guide or make the HCs configuration more easy for customers to set up all apps in HA mode then?

> Each component of Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be deployed in single or high-availability mode, which provides minimal to no service interruption. The following diagram represents deployment in high-availability mode:

Author: @hisImminence @theburi Do you think this diagram with a theoretical HA mode is adding anything for a technical audience? I could remove it if it's only adding to confusion, and make an issue to create the follow-up HA guide. Or, leave it for now, and make that guide to link to from here when it's done.

> Each component of Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be deployed in single or high-availability mode, which provides minimal to no service interruption. The following diagram represents deployment in high-availability mode:

Reviewer 3: >  I could remove it if it's only adding to confusion, and make an issue to create the follow-up HA guide

You are referring to the diagram on [this page](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/setup/install/), or? 

I would go with this option: I could remove it if it's only adding to confusion, and make an issue to create the follow-up HA guide.

> Each component of Camunda 8 Self-Managed can be deployed in single or high-availability mode, which provides minimal to no service interruption. The following diagram represents deployment in high-availability mode:

Author: Specifically the high availability diagram [here](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/platform-architecture/overview/#deployment). I've gone ahead and removed it in this iteration, and set up [this issue](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/issues/4080) to look into it outside of this cleanup PR.
